Update the key usage on Tessera transaction flow (#782)
ConsenSys/quorum: docs/Privacy/Tessera/How Tessera Works.md

3. Party A's Transaction Manager makes a call to its associated Enclave to validate the sender and encrypt the payload
4. Party A's Enclave checks the private key for Party A and, once validated, performs the Transaction conversion. This entails: 
      
    1. generating a random master key (RMK) and a random Nonce 

>     1. encrypting the Transaction payload and Nonce with RMK from a.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. encrypting the transaction payload with the nonce with RMK from a.
```

    1. calculating the SHA3-512 hash of the encrypted payload from b.

>     1. iterating through the list of Transaction recipients, in this case Parties A and B, and encrypting the RMK from a. with the shared key of Party A's private key and Party B's public key (PGP encryption)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. iterating through the list of transaction recipients, in this case parties A and B, and encrypting the RMK from a. with the shared key of Party A's private key and Party B's public key, along with another randomly generated nonce
```
